DOCS-2313: Improve notification URL for ecommerce integrations page (#1848)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/integrations/ecommerce-platforms/woocommerce/faq/allowing-notifications.md

    - /payments/integrations/ecommerce-platforms/woocommerce/faq/allowing-notifications/
---

> MultiSafepay provides a webhook that is used to receive notifications when there are updates to your orders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MultiSafepay provides a webhook you can use to receive notifications about updates to your orders.
```

> Webhooks send notifications in real-time when an event occurs. For MultiSafepay this can be when:
> - A customer completes payment
> - A refund is processed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The webhook is triggered when the order or transaction status changes, e.g. when:
- A customer completes payment
- A customer's attempt to pay fails 
- You process a refund
```

From WooCommerce version 4.7.0, notifications are sent via `POST` requests, instead of `GET` requests.  

However, sometimes the REST endpoint used to process notifications may be blocked by a firewall at server level or by some WordPress plugins at application level. In this case, ensure you include MultiSafepay requests on your safelist. 

> For more information, see [webhook](/developer/api/webhooks/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Webhooks](/developer/api/webhooks/).
```
